Support for OAuth Client ID Metadata Document (#55736)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-oidc-expanded-configuration.adoc

|====
|Property name |Default |Description

> |quarkus.oidc.allowed-routes |`backchannel-logout,resource-metadata,cimd`|OIDC routes that tenants can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|quarkus.oidc.allowed-routes |`backchannel-logout,resource-metadata,client-id-metadata`|OIDC routes that tenants can use
```

* `backchannel-logout` - enables an HTTP route for OIDC tenants to receive <<back-channel-logout,back-channel logout>> notifications
* `resource-metadata` - enables an HTTP route for OIDC tenants to handle requests for <<resource-metadata-properties,protected resource metadata>>

> * `cimd` - enables an HTTP route for OIDC tenants to handle requests for <<client-id-metadata-document,Client ID Metadata Document>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `client-id-metadata` - enables an HTTP route for OIDC tenants to handle requests for <<client-id-metadata-document,Client ID Metadata Document>>
```
